---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E1 | UI Basics Technical Essay"
date: 2024-01-31
published: true
labels:
  - E1
---

#  WOD BrowserHistory 1-3 

## Browser History 1
  Overall, for BrowserHistory1, I didnt take too long to finish, I think it was around 13-14 minutes. For BH1, you get a good lesson in learning how to write and format basic HTML pages. Within this includes the use of headers, paragraphs, ordered lists, references to extrenal and internal sources, images and embedding links in images and text. My time was not DNF, although I did have to try multiple times, maybe about four or so. This wasn't because the material was too challeninging or difficult, it just took me some time to get used to methods and thinking process behind the code and webpage. In the extra practice, I would say that I got more comfortable with the HTML format in general, and is good practice without being too complicated.
## Browser History 2
  In regards to BrowserHistory2, I didn't take long at all, as it only took me around 7-8 minutes. I thoroughly enjoyed BrowserHistory2, as it was all about formatting a cascading style sheet page, to reflect upon the HTML website we made in BH1. This application of CSS taught how to change heading fonts, text fonts, color, margins and background color. I did not have trouble with this activity, therefore I did not get a DNF time. However, like BH1, I had to do in multiple times due to technical difficulties, which greatly improved my knowledge, comfortability and time spent. 
### Browser History 3
  Overall, I though Browser History 3 was the roughest WOD yet. This was due to the limited instructions, which forced me to dig deeper into readings, videos and notes taken from class lectures. In BH3, not only did we have to edit and work off of our prevois BH1&2 projects, but also had to do both projects in terms of the conceptual ideas focused on, which were HTML and CSS. In this WOD, we used our previous knowledge of HTML and CSS, and applied it to more advanced webpage building techniques. Now, these arent advanced when you think about it, but rather they give students a more detaield approach to bring their cumulative web building skills together. I Got a rather good time, taking only about nine minutes. In this WOD, I noticed, was the WOD in which I had to look at the most external resources, which greatly contributed to my success. 