---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E1 | UI Basics Technical Essay"
date: 2024-01-31
published: true
labels:
  - E1
---

#  E3: Preparing for WODs Technical Essay

## Invoice 1 2/20/24
  WOD Invoice 1 was to me, fairly simple. Invoice 1 was focused on the use of Javascript in order to produce a sale receipt. The link is 
  https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html

  I didn't take very long, and got an rX score, as I thought this was rather the easiest of the WODS we had done thus far. What I find to be helpful is to take your time, study the code and what the code should be prior to doing a recorded run through. This for me has helped increase my efficeinecy when do WODS. For pretty much every WOD, I take my time to finish the WOD, and get everything correct as the instructions request. After  that, I like to spend five minutes looking and analyzing the code, making sure I can understand and read what the code means and does. TO better prepare for the next WOD. I think I can more thoroughly read and review the readings, as sometimes I will take longer due to me having to skim through the readungs again.
## Invoice 2
  In regards to BrowserHistory2, I didn't take long at all, as it only took me around 7-8 minutes. I thoroughly enjoyed BrowserHistory2, as it was all about formatting a cascading style sheet page, to reflect upon the HTML website we made in BH1. This application of CSS taught how to change heading fonts, text fonts, color, margins and background color. I did not have trouble with this activity, therefore I did not get a DNF time. However, like BH1, I had to do in multiple times due to technical difficulties, which greatly improved my knowledge, comfortability and time spent. 
