---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: "E4 | Progress in Programming Report"
date: 2024-01-31
published: true
labels:
  - E4
---

#  My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
I feel that my programming skills have greatly improved in many ways. I am not great at it, but I have a better conceptual understanding of how the code works, and how javascript, css and HTML tie into each other. One concept I find much easier now than before are if statements, which were very tricky in the beginning of the semester. With Assignment 1, I was able to tie all these concepts together, and really visualize the process and reasoning behind the code.

# I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
There are many things I must work on to improve my programming skills. I feel that the main one is keeping my work organized, neat and concise. Often times, my approach to things can be overcomplicated, which results in me writing ineffecient code, as I am panicking. The term "RTFM" really applies to me, and I should take it into mind more often.


# I have learned a lot from doing WODs and can do them without copying the screencast:
  Absolutely yes, WODs were essential to my personal learning process. In the Labs, I gained a baseline of knowledge, but felt them rather hard to finish qucikly. After the WODs, and being able to "exercise" my knowledge allowed my to capture and grasp the concepts that I needed to. Once the screencasts were taken away, I found it a bit harder to do, but I made use of the class resources, which most of the time had the direct information and code I needed.

 # The labs have helped me learn, and I can complete them with confidence:
 Yes, I think the labs were very good in helping me learn and understand the material. I can complete them with confidence, however I feel that my weakpoint is that I can take me quite long to complete. I guess I can say I am only semi-confident.

 # I learned a lot from my experience doing Assignment 1 and feel ready to work on Assignment 2:
Yes, Assigment 1 tied all the concepts together, and gave me a "bird's-eye view" of webpage basics. The separation of js, html and css was also very useful, as before that I would get everything intermingled, which became confusing a lot of the times.

# I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
Every class, even great classes can probably be improved in some way or another, however that may require it to be more personalized, which isn't very possible when teaching classrooms of students. In my opinion, this class is doing a great job in its structure and outline. Maybe incorporating short videos of concepts within lectures would be good, as short videos are something that many students use to study in their offtime. Channels on youtube such as BroCode have helped me to further understand concepts we are learning.

# What helps me the most in class are (WODs, Labs, class website, screencasts, readings, quizzes, one on one help, working with classmates, etc.):
Defintely WODs and one on one help. WODs were the activity that hammered the concepts into my mind, and made me really remember them. One on one help too also was very useful, because I was able to get correct and direct solutions to my issues with quality explanations. In a sense, one on one help was like ChatGPT, if it gave correct solutions. Assigment1 was also a large help for me to understand and tie all the concept together.